(narrator)
Previously on "Hellcats.."
You sure school's
worth all this?
Dan, I'm going to graduate,
pass the bar up North
and work in the DA's office
where everybody talks
in flat Yankee vowels.
Mom, what is this?
It says
my scholarship was canceled.
Tighten up!
[all screaming]
Six weeks?
I'll miss qualifiers.
You're applying
for a scholarship?
I have one now
for cheerleading.
Cheerleading?
- Oh.
- Hello, Marti.
- Welcome to Cheer Town.
- I voted against you.
- Democracy's a bitch.
- Apparently, so are you.
Vanessa, I'm sure you remember
the famous coach Red Raymond?
Just so we're clear,
I have a boyfriend.
Things change.
The Hellcats
are short on flyers
at a crucial moment.
Come Sunday,
you'll get bounced.
I was a gymnast
up until high school.
My mom was screaming
and hooting and hollering.
I'd feel
her soul-sucking presence
get wigged out
and fail the routine.
You must be really
excited about seeing
Marti at qualifiers.
It would be fun
to surprise her.
Uh, your boyfriend's welcome,
of course.
What? Dan?
Oh, no, we're just buds.
[crowd cheering]
[theme music]
[instrumental music]
Oh, what have I
gotten myself into?
The best experience ever
in life.
(Vanessa)
Circle up, Hellcats!
Do you feel it?
Do you feel the weight?
Today one squad
will qualify for regionals.
No one in their right mind
thinks it's gonna be us.
The university,
they've given us an ultimatum.
Place at Nationals
or they will gut our program.
Are you feeling the weight?
[chuckles]
Well, I'm not.
I'm light as a feather
because you are
champions of the spirit.
You ignore the scoreboard.
Long odds are irrelevant.
'In the face of seemingly
insurmountable adversity'
'you do not waiver.'
You roll, you tumble..
...you fly.
[all cheering]
Punch it!
(all)
Hellcats!
[instrumental music]
First competition.
Exciting, huh?
It's, uh...something.
- Who're those guys?
- Memphis Christian.
'The team to beat.'
Not much for showing the skin,
are they?
Well, Mem-Chris
is a religious school.
Jesus is the wind
beneath their skirts.
Savannah went there before
she transferred to Lancer.
Charlotte,
I want to wish you luck.
I heard Alice got hurt.
Yeah, but we got
this new girl.
- Marti.
- Yeah, I saw her.
She's a moose.
We're going to bury you,
so you should
probably keep that luck
for yourself.
- I don't believe in it.
- Still...I wish you the best.
Okay, Cyclones, let's run that
again, like you mean it!
'Five, six, seven, eight!'
What'd Charlotte have to say?
She wished us luck.
[screaming]
Oh, I'll be back.
'Yo, Dan Patch!'
You look amazing,
despite the fact
that you're dressed
like a cheerleader.
- That part's weird.
- It's not weird,
it's perverse.
Been missing your fly moves
at Empire.
- You seduced Rosalie?
- I tried.
Ended up making sweet love
to myself by mistake.
- Happens to the best of us.
- What can I say, you know?
I need my wing woman
to keep my head on straight.
Well, I've been studying
like a   banshee
and training 24-7
for this thing.
When things settle down,
you know, my time
will free up.
Hey, you want to come
and hang with us?
Sitting with
the cheerleaders?
- Yeah.
- Lordy, am I even allowed?
I'm new.
We'll just plead ignorance.
(man on radio)
'Marti Perkins
to convention security.'
'Marti Perkins to security.'
Yeah.
Don't you understand?
This is her
first cheer competition ever
and she wants her mom here
for support
but I can't let her know
I'm here
if you don't let me backstage.
Ma'am, we've paged
your daughter
and she should be here
any minute.
- Mom?
- Baby!
Oh, I am so excited
to be here.
I hope no one mistakes me
for a Hellcat.
What are you doing here?
How did you find out
about this?
Alice invited me,
but she's got me
sitting in the stands
and I really think that
I should be backstage
with you.
So would you
let this lady here
know that it's okay
to let me through?
Is there a problem?
No problem.
Mom, you cannot be here.
Why is Dan here?
I'm-I'm dating
this cheerleader here.
Baby, you look fine tonight.
Okay, we're leaving.
- I just got here!
- Now! Come on! We..
Why did you say
we were dating?
I was just taking
the heat off Marti.
- It was a joke.
- Oh. I sometimes miss those.
Anyway, you're Dan, right?
- I'm Savannah Monroe.
- Yeah, charmed.
I'm short on time, so please
keep your answers concise.
You know Marti better
than I do. How much
trouble are we in?
There was a scene
back in high school.
Uh, her mom showed up
at a gymnastics event drunk--
And vomited on her.
Yes, yes, I know all that.
So you also know
what Wanda did
the night before
Marti took her SATs
'and what happened
at her high school graduation'
and her 21st birthday--
Okay, in 20 minutes
we're putting Marti
out in front of a crowd.
- What can I do to help her?
- Get rid of mom.
'Marti's one of the most
capable people I've ever met.'
You help get her head cleared,
she'll come through.
Positive attitude.
I like the way you think.
Good talk.
I just don't understand,
Marti, why I can't stay.
I can't have this argument
right now, please.
I love you
and I am so proud of you
and, Marti, Marti
I wouldn't miss
one of your events for
the whole wide world.
Look at that eyeliner,
you look like
a truck stop tranny.
Mom!
This is the first time
I've competed in anything
since I quit gymnastics
and my entire future
is on the line.
Look, I, I can't focus on me
when I have to deal
with things like being paged
over the loudspeaker
to come manage you.
I-I never asked you
to manage me.
She loves you,
but you have to go.
My name is Savannah Monroe,
by the way.
Truly a pleasure to meet you.
Let's walk this way.
[instrumental music]
Alright, Tennessee,
put your hands together
for the Memphis Christian
University Cyclones!
[crowd cheering]
♪ I've been around the way
I've been around the block ♪
♪ I got the keys to the city
if the gates are locked.. ♪
I walked your mom to her car.
Okay, now you can
put your focus
where it belongs
beating Memphis Christian.
♪ Everywhere we go
they wonder where we're from ♪
♪ Well it's diverse city
y'all are welcome to come ♪
♪ It sits high on a hill
you can see it for days.. ♪
Did you do this on purpose?
If she's this easy to rattle,
she is not cut out
to handle the pressures
of being a flyer.
♪ This goes out
to anyone listening ♪
♪ Boomin' out
the stereo system ♪
♪ Here to rep the most high
with this one.. ♪
You know you're not just
messing with Marti, right?
All of our scholarships
are on the line here, Alice.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You know what,
I realize it's not
that big of a deal to you.
You know, daddy
will just step right in
and pay a little tuition
or whatever..
...but it's not like that
for me, for most of us.
Don't play
the spoiled-rich-girl card.
I am allowed to be angry.
I was in line for captain
before perfect,
little Savannah
transferred in.
Now I'm hurt,
and everyone is falling
all over themselves helping
Marti to take my place--
No, no, no. I don't fall
all over myself for anybody.
You fell for me once.
♪ Boomin' out
the stereo system ♪
♪ 'Cause we rock
for sure in stereo ♪
♪ Boomin' out
the stereo system ♪
♪ This goes out
to anyone listenin' ♪
♪ Boomin' out
the stereo system ♪
♪ Here to rep the most high
with this one ♪
♪ Boomin' out
the stereo system ♪
♪ This goes out
to anyone listenin' ♪
♪ Boomin' out
the stereo system ♪
♪ 'Cause we rock
for sure in stereo ♪
♪ Boomin' out your stereo ♪
♪ Portable sounds
to lift me up ♪
to take me higher ♪
♪ Portable sounds
to lift me up ♪
♪ So don't even try
to get in my head ♪
♪ We got portable sounds
to lift us up ♪
♪ Portable sounds
to take us up ♪
[crowd groans]
Charlotte!
Charlotte.
(male #1)
'Charlotte.'
[intense music]
You're gonna be fine.
I promise.
You should go with her.
But if I'm not here,
the Hellcats forfeit.
I'll deal with it. Just go.
Be with your sister.
They're sisters?
You're not the only one
with a complicated family.
[music continues]
(Marti)
'Does this happen often?'
In college sports, two thirds
of catastrophic injuries
to women
are cheerleading accidents.
Whoa! Two thirds?
It's a serious discipline
for serious people.
So whatever's goin' on
with your mom, deal with it.
I need your head on straight
for Saturday.
Saturday?
I was able to
swap our time slot
with King College.
So we'll take their place
on the last day
of competition.
We got another shot
to qualify.
I need that girl
I met at tryouts.
The university
isn't screwing around.
- They will cut our program.
- And the scholarships?
Count on it.
Head on straight.
- Hey.
- How's Charlotte?
- Things look good so far.
But the neurologist wants her
to stay just for observation.
Have you seen her yet?
After the CT scan is finished.
My mom is with her now.
We're here
as long as you need us.
It looks like we're all set.
So why don't you head on
over there, Savannah?
Well, I've got to admit,
it's , uh, handy
being in love with a doctor.
You get all that
universal healthcare.
[giggling]
With benefits.
Aren't you supposed
to be somewhere
getting your head on straight?
Hey, Char.
Hi, Mom.
I'm gonna go get a coffee,
sweetheart.
- Okay?
- Okay.
Are you feeling okay?
Well, mom's here..
...and she's the best
when you're sick.
Where's dad?
Wait, never mind.
No need to answer.
I know your head hurts.
An accident like this really
puts things in perspective.
It's been what..
...almost a year since
we've all been in
the same room together?
I miss my family.
I'm pretty sure...all this..
...isn't about you.
- All set.
- That was quick.
- Everything okay?
- Charlotte's great.
She just needs some rest.
♪ You gotta keep smilin' ♪
♪ Through the thunder
and lightnin' ♪
♪ You gotta keep tryin' ♪
♪ Don't cry
before you're hurt ♪
♪ You gotta keep smilin' ♪
♪ Through the thunder
and lightnin' ♪
♪ You gotta keep fightin' ♪
♪ You gotta keep tryin' ♪
♪ Because things can't
things can't get much worse ♪
♪ You take a break ♪
♪ Take a break ♪
♪ Take a day to relax ♪
♪ Get away ♪
♪ Get away to the sunshine ♪
♪ Throw me a lifeline ♪
♪ When life is hard ♪
♪ When life is just unfair
we'll have a laugh ♪
♪ Have a laugh ♪
♪ Have a laugh
at the rat race ♪
♪ We'll make a new place ♪
♪ Don't you make me cry ♪
♪ Boys will be boys
girls will be girls ♪
♪ It's a mixed up muddled up
messed up world ♪
♪ Are you takin' the mick?.. ♪
- Hey. No liquid breakfast.
- Yeah, yes, Mom.
Bagel me.
Ooh, ooh, hm.
[laughs]
♪ You gotta keep tryin' ♪
♪ Don't cry
before you're hurt ♪
♪ You gotta keep smilin' ♪
♪ Through the thunder
and lightnin' ♪
♪ You gotta keep tryin' ♪
♪ Because things can't ♪
♪ Things can't get
much worse ♪
♪ Ba-ba-da ba-ba-da
ba-ba-da-ba-ba ♪
♪ Ba-ba-da ba-ba.. ♪
Energy, execution.
Excellence.
♪ Ba-ba-da ba-ba-da
ba-ba-da-ba-ba ♪
♪ You gotta keep smilin' ♪
♪ Ba-ba-da ba-ba-da ♪
♪ You gotta try smilin' ♪
♪ You gotta keep smilin'
oh yeah ♪
♪ Ba-ba-da ba-ba-da ♪
[clears throat]
♪ Ba-ba-da ba-ba-da
ba-ba-da-ba-ba ♪
♪ Things can't get
much worse ♪
You talked to Wanda
since the incident?
No time.
And I felt kind of bad.
I really bit her head off.
- You need help
hiding the body?
- Nah, she regenerates.
She means well. I mean..
She doesn't wanna
make my life miserable.
Yeah, it just kinda
works out that way.
Manifest destiny.
You know,
it takes two to tango.
That is true.
And when she's around,
I, I snap into caretaker mode
and I can't help it,
so that's on me.
No, but it doesn't matter
whose fault it is.
See, the end result
is always the same.
Wanda makes a scene,
and I end up
blowing the spelling bee
or taking my driver's test.
Or face planting
off the uneven parallel bars.
[scoffs]
You know what I need?
- Space.
- From Wanda?
- Yeah.
- Huh!
- Good luck to you.
- Just a grace period.
Until I can get this whole
schedule thing under control.
It's teaching a pig to sing.
It doesn't work
and it annoys the pig.
- Oh, I love pig metaphors.
- Yeah.
Now, can we, like,
slap some lipstick on it
maybe cut off its ear
and make a silk purse?
Okay, family goes
where it goes.
You can't control it.
Hell, ever since James Jr.
and I moved back home
to help out
we got six brothers
and sisters
my dad, and his dad
all under one roof.
There you go,
being Irish and all.
It's a war zone. Yeah.
You know,
we're tripping over ourselves
getting in each other's way
but...I guess if you
just sit back and you..
...accept the messiness..
...you can have
an excellent time.
You know, I'm really
glad this whole Zen-master
serenity thing
is working for you, Dan Patch,
but it's not an option for me.
I'll still help you
hide the body.
Do appreciate that.
[instrumental music]
[door closes]
- Um, Marti--
- I am so glad
this day is over.
- Marti--
- Oh, wait, it's not.
I have four hours
of reading to do
and a paper
on constitutional law.
- What?
- You've got a visitor.
She brought ribs.
Mom?
Why are you here?
Oh, and you brought food.
The ribs are from Cozy Corner,
your favorite.
- Mm-hmm.
- All is forgiven. Come here.
I mean to tell you, we were
starting to get funny looks.
And he really did
look like a hippie.
So I told him,
if he wanted to see me again
he had to lose
the soul patch.
[chuckles]
And..
Mm, so he shows up
an hour later.
Face is smooth
as a baby's bottom
and he bought
the shaving cream with him.
[all laughing]
- Classic.
- Who wants more corn bread?
- She's actually fitting in.
- I'd give it time.
So what about y'all?
Any good dish
in the romance department?
You know, I have
to imagine that a family
like the Hellcats
can get a little
bit incestuous.
Yeah, you got that right
and the word goes
to Lewis and Alice.
Well, my advice to you
is to stick with it
'cause you two would make
beautiful babies.
- Mom.
- 'Oh, come on.'
Look at him, he's gorgeous,
they're gorgeous.
- 'Okay.'
- 'Yeah.'
[Gustav & The Seasick Sailors
singing "Breakthrough"]
- Ready for another?
- God, yes.
[chuckles]
Hey, it's the new coach.
I should, uh, go say hello,
right?
Oh, no, no, no, honey, honey,
this is our together time.
I know, but it's good
to get on his radar.
Do you know how much
a staff football doctor makes?
Coach Raymond. Hey.
- I'm a huge fan.
- Really?
The way in which
you turned around
that program down there
at Louisiana, coach
nothing short of brilliant.
I don't think Bear Bryant
could have done better.
Flattery will get you a beer.
What did you say
your name was?
Derrick, Derrick Altman,
sports doctor here at Lancer.
'I'm actually working
with the Hellcats right now'
'while I finish up
my fellowship.'
(Red)
'A friend of the Hellcats
is a friend of mine.'
Let me buy you
a cold one, doc.
- Hi, I'm Vanessa Lodge.
- My girlfriend.
- Oh.
- Nice to meet you.
Yeah, I'm, uh,
Hellcats' head coach
so I'm sure we'll be seeing
a lot of each other.
Pleased to meet you, too.
Actually, coach, you two
have a bit of shared history.
- Is that so?
- Yeah.
Yeah, Vanessa here
was a Hellcat
back when you
were a coach.
[chuckles]
Small world.
Yeah. Wouldn't wanna paint it.
I tell you what, uh,
I promised Derrick here a beer
and since
we'll be working together
how about
you sit with me and the boys?
- We can bond.
- It sounds like fun.
It does, doesn't it?
Oh, good Lord.
- Savannah, where's home?
- Millington.
- Oh, Alice?
- Okay, we're..
- Oh, will you look at this?
- No, we're, we're done.
Oh, do you, do you see that?
My daughter here thinks
I can't handle my liquor.
Am I a grown woman or not?
This is your second bottle,
okay?
Lewis...I look like
a grown woman to you?
- Uh, yes, ma'am.
- Hm.
[chuckles]
Alright.
Yeah, have at it.
Actually,
let me get you a trough.
Do not talk to me
in that tone of voice--
Oh, wow,
now you're getting parental--
- I'll rip you a--
- Let's send up a flare, why--
I'm from Millington,
Tennessee.
It's about 12 miles north
from here.
Yeah, the same place,
uh, Justin Timberlake's
from, right?
Oh, I love him.
I would rock that body.
[laughing]
[instrumental music]
Oh, this was
a delightful evening.
I don't want it to end.
Come on, Mom.
You know, I'll just,
I'll walk you to the car.
Is this a sofa bed?
Not a chance in hell.
Yeah, okay.
[music continues]
I can't go home.
I know you get lonely.
I'll-I'll just,
I'll drive you home
I'll tuck you in,
we'll watch a bad movie.
No, really, I can't go home.
I came home from work,
and there is this
big padlock on the front door.
- You got evicted?
- I am not paying
for that car.
Even if I could afford it
on principle.
Car? W-what are you,
what are you talking about?
You remember
that flood upstairs
last winter?
You know the landlord,
Mr. Aziki?
Yes, Mom. I sent in
your rent checks.
Okay, he finally agrees
to fix the water stains
on that kitchen wall.
He wants to paint it eggshell.
So..
The wall has always been sage.
It matches the tablecloth
but Mr. Aziki insists
on painting it a neutral color
because, get this,
it's easier to rent
and I'm still living there.
I mean,
can you imagine the nerve?
So the man raises his voice
and I will not be talked to
with disrespect.
And I pick up that paint can
and then I open the window--
Wait, does this end with you
trashing our landlord's car?
He said some very ugly things.
No! Okay!
Okay, you know what?
- You, you can stay.
- Ah.
Oh, whoa, whoa, whoa,
on one condition.
Tomorrow you sit down
with Mr. Aziki
and you fix this on your own.
Oh, how am I supposed
to do that?
I mean, I don't have the money
to fix his stupid car.
You're a big girl,
figure it out.
But I don't have the--
Otherwise you sleep
in a motel.
- Do we have a deal?
- Oh.
Deal.
[sighs]
Savannah!
I was just going to call you.
You were? Why?
Is Charlotte okay?
Doctor say she's fine,
but she's in pain
and you just never know
with a head injury.
Your dad and I
are holding a prayer circle
for her on Saturday
if you would like to come.
- Of course. I'll be there.
- Good, 10 a.m.
Wait, that's our redo time
for qualifiers.
Well, your sister's
not getting a redo.
It's just a prayer, right?
I mean, can't that be done
at any time?
- I-I can make it by noon.
- Just a prayer?
There are a lot of people
coming, Savannah.
Pastor George
is making a special trip
so if this is important
to you, you'll be here.
We do hope
to see you tomorrow.
Hey, hon, it's me.
I hope your day's going well.
I got your message
about picking up dinner
and I just thought that..
[gasps]
Oh, my gosh!
Derrick, I'm gonna kill you.
You know we shouldn't be
spending money on..
...takeout food every night.
So, um, I'm just gonna
pick up some veggies
and make a stir fry
with some buckwheat noodles
like you like.
Okay. Love you.
[instrumental music]
[grunting]
Oops.
Again, Marti, lock your knees.
Okay. Again.
[instrumental music]
Ooh! Oh!
What's with you today?
Focus. Come on.
Help.
Oop, uh!
[grunting]
Who am I kidding?
She's gonna die
a horrible death without me.
What? Who's gonna die
a horrible death?
[sighs]
Who do you think?
Marti, where are you going?
[music continues]
Mr. Aziki, you do realize
by locking my mother out
you've violated the uniform
residential landlord
and tenant acts?
My baby's studying
to be a lawyer.
I could have you arrested
for throwing paint on my car.
We could file suit.
Mutually assured destruction.
But why go to the dark place?
Where'd you get all that cash?
Cash advance.
This should cover the damage,
Mr. Aziki.
Barely.
On one condition, though.
You paint the wall sage,
primer, two coats.
- Sage.
- Mm-hmm.
Agreed.
Thank you, sweetheart.
You really came through.
I, I don't want your thanks.
I want you to pay me back.
I want you to be responsible.
I don't want to have
to save your ass
every day of our lives.
- Got it?
- Got it.
Yeah, so Alice was
saying that you're
gonna get a do-over
for qualifiers?
- She was?
- At dinner.
She said
that the Hellcats are gonna
get another chance
to go in front of the judges.
Um, yeah, yeah, Vanessa tried,
but it, it didn't work out.
Oh, but what about
your scholarship?
I'll figure out something.
Well, if anyone can
figure it out, it's you.
Mom, come on.
Of course, I do.
I'm sorry, but I'm gonna
have to support Charlotte
in my own way.
The squad is depending on me.
[door opens]
Yeah, well,
they're my family, too.
Right now
they're my only family.
I made sure of that.
Mom? Mom?
[scoffs]
Mom trouble?
No, of course not.
- You?
- Same.
- I lied to my mom's face.
- [indistinct]
[chuckles]
You first.
Well, my mom asked
about qualifiers
and I told her
that they weren't happening.
When she finds out..
Yeah, it'll break her heart,
I know.
I feel awful,
but she brings it on herself.
I need to concentrate on me
this one time.
And if she doesn't
respect that
then she deserves
to get shut out.
[instrumental music]
What?
I got shut out.
Yeah?
When I transferred to Lancer
it was a huge betrayal
to my folks.
Why?
Memphis Christian
is my family's legacy school.
My mom and dad met there.
My grandfather spent 15 years
as vice chancellor
and my great-grandmother
was the first woman
ever admitted on campus.
There's some serious pressure.
So I went
...but after my freshman year
I realized I wasn't growing.
My sister and I
were homeschooled
and it just felt
more of the same.
There's a whole world
out there
and I wasn't getting
to experience it.
So without telling them
I filled out
a Lancer application.
The cheer scholarship
gave me the freedom
to tell them no..
...for the first time
in my life.
You're happy, though, right?
You should be glad about that.
Lancer is a secular school.
When I came here,
I didn't just
turn my back
on my family history.
They think
I turned my back on God.
They think I'm partying
and screwing around
every night.
Have they met you?
Have they seen your bedspread?
It's a coverlet, and they're
not exactly open-minded.
I'm really sorry, Savannah.
Me, too.
Your mom loves you.
She may not have
the best way of showing it
but trust me,
the alternative is worse.
So are you gonna
do something about it?
Are you?
[beeping]
♪ 'Cause I never
loved nobody ♪
♪ Like I loved you ♪
♪ Was your number one fan ♪
♪ Number one fan ♪
♪ Now catch me if you can ♪
♪ Catch me if you can ♪
♪ For all the time
you wasted ♪
♪ For all the love I traded ♪
♪ I did it again ♪
♪ You probably still think
that I'm your man ♪
♪ Well girl
catch me if you c-a-a-a-n ♪
♪ Catch me if you can.. ♪
The bus leaves in ten minutes.
Move!
♪ Number one fan ♪
♪ So catch me
if you c-a-a-a-n ♪
♪ Catch me
if you c-a-a-a-a-n ♪
♪ You probably still think
that I'm your man ♪
♪ Well girl
catch me if you can ♪
[Brokedown Cadillac singing
"Can You Hear Me"]
♪ I am barely breathin' ♪
♪ Beggin' please
trying to believe ♪
♪ Oh can you
hear me-e-e?.. ♪
I have to do something.
Be right back.
♪ Hey you ♪
♪ It's me ♪
♪ Hey you it's me.. ♪
God..
...I can't be
with my family right now
but know that
my heart is with them.
Keep them safe and happy,
especially Charlotte.
Please watch over her.
♪ See me falling? ♪
♪ Falling at your feet ♪
♪ Cryin' out for help ♪
♪ I got no one else ♪
♪ Tell me you know
what I need ♪
Marti, straighten this leg,
and then you'll get deeper
into your lunge, okay?
That's good.
Hellcats! Hellcats!
Now, you Hellcats are always
cheering so hard for us.
We thought it was time
to return the favor.
Now, give it up!
Give it up, Hellcats!
You like that?
Gotta admit
it's a classy move.
The man is truly unbelievable.
♪ When we dance.. ♪
(male #2)
'And we'd like to wish
a very happy birthday'
'to Wolf co-captain Jessica
who turns 20 today.'
[crowd cheering]
Oh, no.
♪ I don't care ♪
♪ If you think
I'm all you need ♪
♪ I'll be there.. ♪
(Marti)
Can you move, please?
I need your seat, buddy.
Well, Marti Beth Perkins
what a surprise
to see you here.
My invitation must have
gotten lost in the mail.
Did you think
I wouldn't find out?
I am Facebook friends
with half your squad.
Oh, my God. Who are you?
I just don't understand
why you lied to me.
Then you're not listening.
- You never do.
- What do you mean?
You know, I'm doing
a big scary thing here.
My, my future,
my, my law career depends
on making
this cheerleading thing work
and you being here
makes it harder.
I know that's something
you don't want to hear
but it's true.
Can't we change that?
I am your biggest fan,
and I am so proud
of you, baby.
♪ Up and down
this lonely street ♪
♪ Even in the rain.. ♪
Mom, I'm sorry.
♪ Hoping you're the one
I need.. ♪
I'm sorry.
♪ Do you feel the same? ♪
Uh...you need to get
out there and focus
and you need to get out
there and win
and...we'll deal
with this later.
Mom.
Honey?
- Stay.
- Honey?
Stay.
I'm not 16 anymore.
I've gotta grow past this.
You've gotta grow past this.
So sit and watch.
If I can pull off a helicopter
with you sitting here
then I can, could
do it anywhere, anytime.
- Are you sure?
- Yeah.
You didn't bring like an
air horn or anything, did you?
- No.
- Fireworks?
- Good.
[sighs]
Okay.
Whoo!
Are you sure
you can handle this?
Positive outcomes only.
(male #2)
'Ladies and gentlemen,
let's give it up'
'for the Lancer Hellcats.'
Whoo. Marti!
♪ My first kiss went
a little like this ♪
♪ And twist
And twist ♪
♪ Well my first kiss
went a little like this ♪
♪ And twist
And twist ♪
♪ I said no more
teachers and no more books ♪
♪ I got a kiss
under the bleachers ♪
♪ Hopin' that nobody looks ♪
♪ Lips like licorice
tongue like candy ♪
♪ Excuse me miss but can
I get you out your panties? ♪
♪ She won't ever get enough ♪
♪ Once she gets
a little touch ♪
♪ If I had it my way ♪
♪ You know that
I'll make her say ♪
♪ Ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ♪
♪ She won't ever get enough ♪
♪ Once she gets
a little touch ♪
♪ If I had it my way ♪
♪ You know that
I'll make her say ♪
♪ Ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ♪
♪ She won't ever get enough ♪
♪ Once she gets
a little touch ♪
♪ If I had it my way ♪
♪ You know that
I'll make her say ♪
♪ Ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ♪
♪ She won't ever get enough ♪
♪ Once she gets
a little touch ♪
♪ If I had it my way ♪
♪ You know that
I'll make her say ♪
♪ Ooh ooh ooh ooh ooh ♪
♪ She won't ever get enough ♪
♪ Once she gets
a little touch ♪
♪ If I had it my way ♪
♪ You know that
I'll make her say ♪
[crowd cheering]
- Whoo-hoo!
- Yeah!
[instrumental music]
Hell of a game, coach.
[sighs]
[crowd cheering]
Sorry about that.
Needed to double check
the final tally.
It's official, folks.
We have a winner.
With a score of 92 points..
...the Lancer Hellcats!
[screaming]
[crowd cheering]
[indistinct cheering]
Come on, let's hear it
for the...Hellcats!
I opened a bottle
of the pricey stuff.
- Thank you.
- Alright.
- Thank you, Wanda.
- Thank you.
You did real good today,
sweetheart.
I'm glad you were there
to see it, Mom.
Me, too. A toast!
- Cheers!
Oh, another toast.
To makin' it happen.
- 'Whoo!'
- Yeah.
- I'll drink to that.
- Whoo!
- 'Whoo.'
- 'Yeah.'
- 'Cheers.'
- 'Hellcats!'
- 'Whoo!'
Hey, why the pensive look?
I'm preparing myself mentally.
The nationals
is a long way off.
Each step from here on in
gets harder and harder.
It's gonna make
the work we've been doing
look like a cakewalk.
Did you just say cakewalk?
Yes, a cakewalk, something
that's easy-peasy, a cinch.
Welcome to the museum
of archaic vocabulary.
[chuckles]
You're making fun of me?
Oh, balderdash! No.
[laughs]
Hey, Savannah, you, um..
You wanna go out with me
sometime?
- Is that another joke?
- No.
Then...okay, yeah.
Oh, my number.
Arm.
Oh, okay.
[Nikki & Rich singing
"Dreaming"]
♪ When did the angel
lose her wings?.. ♪
Come on, girl.
Come on, let's dance.
♪ All the gold melted down
and the gates were closed ♪
♪ Life was revealed
and the past exposed ♪
♪ Sent away from
the land of the green ♪
♪ Forced to dig a hole
to be a home for the dream ♪
♪ Betcha never thought
I'd get out of the fields ♪
♪ That's what gave me life
and time really heals ♪
♪ Oh oh oh
from a back to forth ♪
♪ It's just a go go go
from the side to north ♪
♪ Listen no no no
can't sell me short ♪
♪ It's just a oh oh oh ♪
♪ I'm getting somewhere ♪
♪ Oh oh oh
just a row oh oh ♪
[theme music]